1. Connect the arduino
2. load and input the configration

 	check box: with or without tone, 
		   with or without laser stimulation, the toggle is for manual delivery of laser, usually for demo test
                   with or without footshock
		   with or without startdelay; usually, only in demo test without, in real experiment, we need a startdelay
		   video preview will open a preview window of camera
		   video record, if not check on, no video saved; so, in real experiment, it should be on
	table: to assigin the specific trial that will shock or laser

3. real experiment
  first trial delay is the startdelay
  then the inter trial interval is a random number between min interval and max interval
  a. if laserPreSound is 0, every trial, the sound laser and led indicator will on at the same time, and the duration will be the sound Dur 

  b. if laserPreSound is more than 0; laser and led will on at the same time, and then after laserPreSound time, the sound will on.
  
  c. laserPreSound should not be less than 0
  
  d. the shock will on at "shock delay" time before the end of sound. That is to say, if the shock delay + shock Dur = 0, the shock is co-terminated 
  wit sound
  
  e. Trial end should be equal or more than sound dur + laserPreSound

3. after all trial finished, there will be a 60 s after test. Just wait. then the video record will stop. 

4. press the stop to save the configrations


Other notes: a. the tone is delivery via a buzzer(beeper, from sparkfun); the frequency is define by the arduino; matlab only send a command to start and stop
             b. the laser is gated by arduino, it's mode, like freqency, pulse duration is coded in arduino (with timeNow timer); the matlab only send a command to define 
             the on and off time point
             c. the led is gated by arduino
             d. command window is for manually send command to arduino (correlate with the command define in arduino)

For arduino programe: zhangjuenxy@qq.com

